hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alert today we're gonna be
talking about the 2001 film Mission
Impossible - the second film in the
Mission Impossible series so let's get
started the information about this movie
somewhat relies that you've seen the
previous film if you need a quick
reminder watch my spoiler by clicking
the link below the film opens with a
Russian biochemist dr. Vladimir of bio
site pharmaceuticals injecting himself
with a new bio weapon known as chimera
chimera is a highly deadly virus that
dr. Vladimir was forced to make by his
company dr. Vladimir plans to take the
cure known as Bellerophon to the United
States aboard a plane where he is met by
a man who is disguised as Ethan Hunt dr.
Vladimir is attack the Cure is stolen
and the plane is crashed killing dr.
Vladimir and the passengers aboard dr.
Vladimir was able to contact the IMF
prior to his death and they're worried
that the former IMF agent Sean Ambrose
is behind the attack and were released
the virus Ethan's team consisting of
computer expert Luther stickell who is
in the first film pilot Billy braid and
a professional thief naya-a Nordhoff
Hall who is the ex-girlfriend of Sean
the team investigates Sean's
headquarters and also investigates Sean
at a horse racetrack and are able to
steal some information from him about
the Chimera virus the discoverer once a
person is infected they only have a 20
hour window that the cure Bellerophon
can be used and after that the infected
person will die the IMF team then
kidnaps John C McCoy the CEO of
bio-psych pharmaceuticals who developed
the virus and the cure they find that
Sean only has the cure to the virus but
not the virus itself so the IMF team
attempts to break into the bio psych
facilities to destroy the remaining
virus however Sean is there with his men
Sean also brought Naya with him who he
uses to retrieve the virus knowing that
Ethan will not shoot her
nya however injects herself with the
last remaining strain of the virus
infecting herself she knows that this
will protect her from being killed by
Sean at least until he can find a way to
properly use the virus Sean decides to
let an eye out in the streets of Sydney
and hope
of triggering a pandemic causing a
massive demand for the Cure Bellerophon
Shawn also forces McCoy to sell them
enough shares of bio site to give Shawn
the majority control with the incredibly
high demand for Bellerophon bio sites
stock price will greatly increase making
Shawn and obscene amount of money
however Ethan breaks in the meeting and
steals the samples of Bellerophon nya
has walked to a cliff side in order to
kill herself and keep herself from other
people to prevent them from getting the
virus there is a long chase than a
showdown between Shawn and Ethan
but Ethan wins in the end and gets the
cure to nya there is no sign left of the
virus and mission is complete the IMF
clears Maya's criminal history and Ethan
continues this vacation with her in
Sydney so that was the spoilers for
Mission Impossible 2 if you have a film
that you'd like to see me spoil please
let me know in the comments below check
out movie spoiler alerts on our various
forms of social media listed below and
remember to like and subscribe thanks
for watching